Hello everyone. Welcome to a new episode of The
Dissenter. I'm your host, as always, Ricardo Lops, and
today I'm joined by Mary Knight. She's the YouTuber
behind the channel Sex, Love and Soul, and of
course I will be leaving a link to it.
In the description, she's a retired high-end escort and
former madame. She spent years on the inside of
the sex industry and now she coaches men who
are trying to build real relationships with women who
work in it or came from it. And today
we're going to talk about several different. Topics like
why men cheat, what they look for in escorts,
relationships with escorts, romantic relationships, more generally, a male
or male loneliness. We'll see if we'll get into
that topic or not and other related topics. So
Mary, welcome to the show. It's a big pleasure
to everyone.
Oh, thank you, Ricardo. I'm really happy to be
here and I'm excited to get into all these
topics.
Yeah, sure. So, I mean, the question of cheating
is very interesting because you have sort of Uh,
a a very particular view of it when you
worked as an escort. I mean, you have all
that experience, so what can you tell us about
it, or at least what are, what did you
get from men? What did they tell? When, what
did you sort of figure out when interacting with
them when they paid for to have a session
with you when they have a partner, uh, I
mean a girlfriend or a spouse or someone like
that.
When I first started, I think just like everybody
else, I thought that men cheated or saw escorts
because they wanted variety, because they were bored at
home and they were like, oh, I'm gonna go
out and have. Sex with an attractive, willing woman
who isn't my wife. And what I found out
was that in a very small minority of cases,
that was what was happening. Most of the men,
and by most. 95% of the men that I
saw, and then when I was running the escort
service, and then I also ran a brothel, including
those men too, it was because of an emotional
connection they thought was missing in their relationship, and
they didn't know how to express it. And they
thought, oh, it's sex. It's because I'm not getting
sex. That's why I feel this way. And so
they, a lot of times men see escorts because
they don't want a girlfriend. They don't want an
emotional connection, you know, they want this no strings
attached situation where they're going to go, they're going
to have their sexual needs met, and then they
can keep it in this little box, feel satisfied
physically, go home to their wives, and Just have
their relationship feel more peaceful to them because they're
not, and I say in quotes, bothering their wives
for sex, because that's the way men felt. They
felt like their sex drive, their need for sex
was a burden on their wives, which, which is
very interesting. It was interesting to me because I
thought, wow, that. That's really sad. And, um, and
most of the men, they weren't just like these
dirty dog cheaters that hated their wives and were
like, uh, they loved their wives. And I know
it blows women's minds when I say that. It's
like they loved their wives, that's why they saw
escorts. That's why they didn't get a divorce. And
to a lot of women and, and, and, and
people who aren't involved in that industry, in that
culture, that way of life, that makes no sense.
Like, why would you do that to somebody that
you love, right? And it's, it is kind of
twisted, right? It's twisted.
But, but is, is this something that uh men,
uh, talk about with escorts? Is this something that
you just intuit from their behavior? OR from other
sort of unrelated things that they share with you.
I mean, how much are men who seek escorts,
how much are they willing to open up with
them usually?
Oh, that's the biggest part of the appointment. IS
them talking. Any escort that you talk to, I
bet you, anybody, anybody at, at, at a certain,
at a certain level, it's all about companionship. Out
of an, you know, I got to like it
and later in my career, I wouldn't do hour-long
appointments. You know, I had a minimum of 5
hours and then I got to be where it
was a minimum of, you know, a weekend kind
of thing. And, yeah, I mean, because that's, that's
great work if you can get it, right? You
know, but it's, but it's, you know, it's, so
say for the sake of just to make it
easy, in an hour, 15 minutes of that appointment
would be. Sexual activity. The rest of it for
most men is you're, they're talking, they're relating to
you, they're, you know, sharing parts of their lives
and they just wanna be in. The, the aura,
the feminine aura, they wanna be around someone who
is actually listening, looking them in the eye, not
judging them, and I'm not putting down, I'm a
wife, I'm not putting down wives, but you know,
when you're in a relationship with somebody, after a
while, you just get sick of their shit. You
don't wanna hear the same old crap over and
over again, especially when it's not being resolved, you
know, and, and so anyway, yeah, so to answer
your question, yes, most of the appointments are spent.
Making an intimate connection, that's, that's how I knew
was because they told me. Because, again, I thought
that it was just like, they wanted variety, but
also it was like they, I had, I saw
the same clients over and over again. Like there
were literally thousands of other women they could have
seen. Mhm. And so yeah, they kept, they, they,
they find the same women to see over and
over again.
So they form over time a sort of connection
to you or
not, yes, for sure, for sure.
And what, what kind of connection would you say
exactly?
Well, if a man is married and so, so
it's like say for, for some older men that
were married and they had been married, you know,
30, 40 years, they weren't divorcing their wives. There
was no way in hell they were getting a
divorce. That was not what they wanted. They just
wanted. Companionship and sex. And those men, those men
were actually the most fun to, to see as
clients is because you knew they understood this is
going nowhere. Right? We're gonna have fun when we're
together. We can be a little bit in love
when we're together, but when we're not together, we're
not together. And then some men who I'd say
didn't get it. They were actually, because they were
so used to feeling deprived at home, real or
imagined, they felt deprived and denied at home. And
so when they have a woman who opens her
body to them, They think they fall in love.
And so then they actually are looking for a
girlfriend.
But do you, do you think that it's just
that they think they fell in love or sometimes
they can actually fall in love?
I think it depends. Well, I mean it, I
mean, what do you call love, right? Like, especially
if they're just in a relationship where they're not
having their needs met, and obviously they don't think
they can talk to this woman. About their, their
needs, their wants, their desires. If they They're outsourcing
it to someone else. So there's something definitely missing.
I, and I know this goes against some popular
psychology beliefs, like, I love Esther Perel. I have
a lot of respect for her, but I think
I've, I, her book Mating in Captivity, when she
said, oh, all kinds of people cheat and and
happy people cheat, I was like, no, happy people
don't cheat. People with self-respect don't cheat. And, and
so there's, there's like this huge gap there. These,
these men don't feel good about themselves because if
they did, they would say, hey, this is what
I need from their wives, and they don't. They
don't know how.
OK, but, but even if they're not happy, the,
it's not necessarily the case that they're no longer
in love with their partners, or is it?
Right, right. I know, I kind of got off
track with that, yeah, because that's a hard question,
like, think, I mean, because how many times I'm
thinking about how many times did I think I
was in love with someone, not, not working, but
just in my personal life. I'm someone you could
say, I fall in love easily. And I think
really it's, it's like, it's lust. But, you know,
when you have someone open themselves to you, it
feels so good, because what, what is love, right?
It's like, you know, feeling accepted, feeling like you
can be yourself, being at ease. You know, and,
and wanting to be open and share with that
person, and that's what a lot of men experience
when they're with a sex worker.
But do you think that at a certain point
at least some men may start to look at
escorts they see as close to friends or not?
Yes. It happens. It happens, and once you become
friends, you can't really, you don't, you don't really
have sex anymore, you know, like, I had some
clients like that where we had just kind of,
we just became good friends, and so then we
stopped seeing each other as escort and client, and
they would call me and say, hey, Mary, you
wanna have lunch? You wanna meet me for happy
hour? I'm like, yeah, sure. You know, that that's,
it, it happened. I don't know, like, I had
a handful of, of guys like that when I
was living in Austin that I would, you know,
cause we've seen each other for so long, and
then it was like, yeah, it just kind of.
Cause I think because I became a therapist, and
so the sexual charge, the sexual polarity goes away.
Yeah,
and and I mean, do many escorts accept being
or becoming friends with their clients?
Some do, some do, it just depends, it depends
on what kind of Relationships they have. I mean,
I like the I'm just thinking about like the
friends that I knew, like once you become high,
like if you're working for an escort agency, you're
working for somebody else, that is really frowned upon
and I don't think those women are doing that
as frequently as, say, someone like me where I
was an independent escort and I was uh You
know, making so much money from other men that
I could afford to have some friends. It was
a business decision, right? Because I could have still
charged them.
Right. Yeah, yeah, that's the reason why I was
asking. I mean, to the extent to which there
are many escorts out there that are really willing
to take that step where it stops being a
strictly professional relationship. Of course I'm not saying that
it turns necessarily into more than a friendship, into
a romantic relationship or something like that, but Uh,
they're willing to at least step outside of the
strictly professional and become more buddies or, uh, uh,
friends with their clients. It,
it can happen. It doesn't happen a lot, because,
I mean, if you think about it, like, how
many people do you actually meet in your life
that you really click with and want to be
friends with, you know, but sometimes it's, it's, it's
fun to do that with a client that you
know, like, OK, we're buds, because you have someone
in your life that you can talk to that
knows what you do. And doesn't judge you for
it and then y'all can talk to each other
about your days or like he's seeing other women
and you can talk about, you're like, oh no,
don't, you know, you can help them pick, oh,
don't see her now, she's got a bad, you
know, or whatever, you can help them kind of
guide them, you know, it's if they want to
keep seeing other women.
Have you ever given advice to any men that
you became friends with about other escorts?
I have, like, if I knew them, if I
was friends with them, but to be really, really
honest, um, I often discourage them from seeing escorts.
Mm. Because it, it's an escape. You know, it's
a way of not dealing with your life, with
your problems. And because again, happy people don't see
escorts. Even though it can be fun and everything
I'm talking about, like, I'm obviously like a, like
a light person, you know, I'm a happy person.
I've been retired for 1414 or 15 years. I,
I, you know, 1415 years, and I've been with
my husband for 12 years now, but it's a
dark path. It's, it's dark. It's a secret, it's
illegal, um, you can't. Tell people, you have to
be careful because it's, you know, you don't want
to tell people, tell the wrong person and then
get arrested or hurt, you know, so it's, it's
a, it's a, it's a, you're a professional criminal,
so it is, there's a darkness to it.
But
do you,
do you find it's dark because of how society
tends to deal with or treat sex workers, or,
or is it really intrinsic to the occupation itself?
I mean, I know that it's many times probably
it's hard to separate one from the other, but
what do you think?
I think it's, well, it's a combination. Because that
darkness. Can be because you have to shut a
part of yourself off to share yourself with so
many people. Because it's, you're having sex with men
that you're not attracted to. You're having sex because
it's your job, right? You're being paid. It's a
transaction, and that never goes away. You know, there's
so, so if you're, it's not, it's not based
on mutual attraction, so when you're an escort, you're
always on. You're always on, you're always guarding a
part of yourself. And that's exhausting after a while.
It's so good, so you go home and you're
like, oh, I can just be me now. I
don't have to be on like that. That's what
makes it dark. It's, it's a lie, and I
think anything that is a lie. And is done
in secret is inherently stressful, very stressful, and that
causes a darkness. In you as a person. It
did me, and that was the thing that got
me the most was the lying and the hiding.
Not the having sex with strangers for money, it
was the lying and the hiding and, and keeping
things from people, being so guarded all the time.
But I was like that before I got into
sex work. It, it didn't make me that way.
It just, it just helped me stay that way.
Right, and do you, do you think, or, or
at least in your experience, are most men who
pay for sex, uh, nice to the escorts, or,
I mean, what percentage would you say are, uh,
or try to treat escorts, uh, badly?
Uh, IN my personal experience, and then anecdotally from
women that I knew and then women that worked
for me. Um, I would say, gosh, I was,
I mean, Seriously, without exaggeration, I would say 98%
of the men are just looking to have fun.
They are not trying to cause trouble. They're not.
Assholes or serial killers or ax murderers or sadists.
I'm sure those people exist. But the percentage of
that is so small in our society too, and
it sex work does not bring, uh, doesn't bring
that out in people, I think it just depends
on the level too. I think that, you know,
there is a hierarchy that they call the hierarchy,
right? But there is a hierarchy, you know, people
who are, are street sex workers, I don't think
they're any less. Professional or less human or people
or anything like that, but that situation is inherently
much more dangerous. Right, because you don't have the
checks of, you're not going to someone's hotel room
where it's in their name, you're not checking references,
you're getting in someone's vehicle, you know, it's like,
woo, even saying it, it's like I just feel,
and I knew some street level women, um. And
man, I'm like, how do you do that? And
they think it's weird to do inca or to
go to a man's house or hotel. They're like,
oh, I would feel so stifled. I like the
freedom, you know, it's a personality thing too. Yeah,
I
was going, yeah, I was going to ask you
about that actually. Do you think that, because, for
example, earlier when you said that uh it's tough
because, uh, I mean, escorts are having to put
on sort of a mask to have sex with
strangers and sex with men, mostly men, of course,
who they are not attracted to, but do you
think that perhaps There, even if it's just a
minority, there is a minority of sex workers, female
sex workers specifically, who just find it fun because
I don't know, maybe they score high on sociosexuality
or something like that.
Sure, I mean, I think that it's just like
in the immortal words of Jenna Jamieson. That gorgeous
porn star, she said, you have to like to
get boned. And there you do, you have to
enjoy the activity of sex. And I think you
have to like men also, if you're having sex
with men. Um, THERE are some women who didn't
like men and so they were like, OK, I'm
gonna make men pay. And then there were some
women who really didn't enjoy sex, but didn't know
themselves well enough to know, oh yeah, I don't
really like sex. It's not that I don't like
being a prostitute, it's that I don't actually like
sex, and then they can figure that out. But
yeah, I think that, I mean, because I'll admit
there are some, there were some clients where it's
like, I'm getting paid for this. Are you serious?
This guy is hot and he's good in bed,
and he's fun. So yeah, there are times, but,
but, yeah, and I, but I think that that
kind of like, oh well, she's, she's an, an
escort because she likes sex. It's like, no, if
you like sex, you wouldn't be having it with
strangers. You could just go and pick up dudes
that you think are hot.
Right,
so,
no, I, I, I mean, I was just wondering,
right, so, uh.
But I mean when it comes to the cheating
aspect of it, I mean, in what sense would
you say it's it's cheating? I mean, I'm not
questioning whether, whether it's cheating or not. I'm just
asking in what ways is it cheating because there
There are people who distinguish between, for example, sexual
and emotional cheating. I mean, do you, do you
also do that? And if so, do you think
that it's just one of them, it's both? How
do you look at it?
I think that anytime you're going against the agreement
that you have with your partner, it's cheating. Anytime
you're hiding something from your partner. It's cheating because
there's also, you know, there's financial infidelity, you know,
too, so that's also because anytime it's a secret.
You know, that that's when it's, it's cheating, and
some people don't have any problem with it, the,
oh, you know, um, he, uh, he's got this,
uh, a work wife, or she's got a work
husband. Most most men have a problem with that,
right? But, but it's like some people are like,
oh, it's OK as long as they're not having
sex. And then some people, some women, and I
think I'm included in that, I would much rather
that, heaven forbid, my husband had sex outside of
the terms and conditions of our marriage. I would
much rather that than him having an emotional relationship
with a woman. It's like, oh my gosh, you
know, where I think most men would rather that
she had an emotional relationship rather than a physical
one. I think it's just, it's, you know, one
of men's high values is loyalty. You know, you
want to be able to trust your woman, but
it's, yeah, I think it's, I think it's all,
anytime you're not honest, it's cheating.
Mhm, YEAH, right. No, I, I totally agree, but
I mean, do you get, or did you get
while you were an escort situations where the wife
agreed to her husband paying an escort?
Oh, I thought you were gonna say, did I
ever have a wife call me, and that's why
I made a face. Um, WELL, well, we cannot,
we can talk about. Oh my God, that is
the most miserable thing. But yeah, to answer your
question, um, yes, yes, that's what they said. Now,
and, and then actually I had seen, um, I
saw a man a couple of times and then
he told his wife about me and so then
they started seeing me together. So that, that happened
occasionally. I would see couples too, um, I loved
that. That was so fun, and it's maybe a
little off topic, but sometimes seeing couples, well, sometimes
most of the time. Uh, IT would end up
that, you know, the woman and I would be
interacting, and that was what they wanted. And so
then the couple would get so hot, then they
would start having sex, and I was just there
watching. And that's what happened a lot was just
the whole idea of that someone else was in
the room watching them. That's what was the big
turn on for them. So, it's very rare that
I actually had intercourse with the man when it
was a, a couple call. Very rarely, cause they
would just get so excited. That they would just
want to do it themselves. That,
that's funny.
It is funny. It was cute. I, I loved
it. I loved that I could help this married
couple spice things up, and I wasn't a threat.
You know, there was just, there was no way
I was a threat in that situation. So it
was, it was, it, it felt good to me.
And I always made sure in that situation, I
always made sure that the woman knew beforehand and
that I was not a surprise, because one time
I was a surprise and the wife was not
happy about it.
Yeah, I, I mean, of course, of course.
That's cool.
Yeah, of course we're focusing mostly on cheating here,
but I'm also, I'm also curious. I mean, over
your career, did you get many situations where, for
example, a family member like I don't know, a
father, a mother, a brother, an uncle took their,
took a kid, a kid, I mean, over 18,
of course, to, to you to lose his virginity
or something like that.
Well. I've heard of that happening. Um, I was
33 when I first started, so if somebody that
young had come to me or wanted an appointment
with me, I would have said no. Because that's
Mm, that's not something that I would be interested
in doing, but Here's something that Bother me a
lot is that I coach. Like 5 men right
now. Where that their dad did that. And these
men are struggling because that is a very hard
habit to break. They lost their virginity. At a
brothel, and then They just, whenever things don't go
their way with women, they go right back to
seeing sex workers, and now they feel like they're
addicted to it. And then with OnlyFans, right, it's
that same kind of thing where they can, you
know, get on there and have their needs met
like that, get the attention from a woman. Um,
INSTEAD of solving their problems, their issues, so, I
think Just maybe just from my experience, cause I'm
coaching these men. That is not a good idea.
You are not doing your son a favor at
all by starting him off like that.
Yeah, it's interesting because I've also heard the opposite
kind of take on it because for example, back
in December I interviewed, I don't know if you
know, if you know about her, probably yes, Alice
Little, and I interviewed her. She, she's an escort
in the state of Nevada, if I'm not mistaken.
That's the only state where it is legalized, right
in the US.
It's not even the whole state. I think it's
one county in Nevada, right, right,
but, but she, she told me, or we talked
a little bit about those kinds of cases where
family members would take their children or their nephews,
their brothers, and so on to when they reached
18 or a little bit over 18 and to
see an escort and I mean, she told me
that that at least sometimes it actually had a
positive effect in the sense that they were like,
in a sense scared of women, and then that
just went away and they started feeling more at
ease approaching women and stuff like that, so.
Well, I'm seeing those men 20 years later, right,
in my coaching practice. So maybe in the moment,
it felt great and it was good for them,
but what are the long-term effects of that? That's,
that's where I'm coming from because I wouldn't think
there would be anything wrong with it. I think
it would be just like what you're saying and
what she said. Oh, that's great, you know, help
them get confidence, especially if they're in their twenties
and they have, and they're still a virgin because
they're afraid, but you're, it's a man being afraid
like that, that's not, that's not normal. He needs
help. Somebody needs to help him with his mental
and emotional state. You know, and maybe for some
men that's the breakthrough. Because I've coached men like
that too, where they grew up in a very
fundamentalist religious household and they're, you know, they were
waiting for marriage and then they're 30 years old
and they're a virgin and they met a sex
worker and then they started seeing her and they're
like, oh my God, this is amazing, and then
they fall in love with her, you know, there's
that too. So, I think because I, I'm seeing
the other end of it. I'm seeing the years
later, how it affected them.
Right. And I mean, when it, uh, after they
see an escort, they pay for sex and they
basically cheated on their wives or their girlfriends. I
mean, do you think that, uh, uh, if they
want that, of course, it's, it's, it's for them
to make that kind of decision, but uh if
they want to try to Like, rebuild their relationship
in some way. Do you think that couples can
get over cheating? I mean, if
the wife finds
out, of course.
Well, what happens in the, in the case of
married men, um, they've been in, and for whatever
reason, they're in a low sex, no sex relationship.
They don't want to get divorced, and so they
see a sex worker. And what Happens like I
learned this from my coaching clients now, I hear
it now, and then what I learned back when
I was an escort is. They take that energy.
Back into their marriage, because it does give them
confidence, because sometimes men are thinking, I just thought
maybe I wasn't good in bed, or I thought
maybe I wasn't desirable, or, you know, whatever, like
whatever things are going on in their heads, and
then when, when they have this positive experience with
an escort, they're like, oh wow, I still got
it. And then they have that confidence to go
back to their wives. I love that, and I
love hearing those stories because that is, that is
true. And men, because they keep it in its
place, right? They don't get caught up. Because what
they really want is to stay married. And they
just kind of get in their heads and they
don't know how to resolve some of the issues
they have and so it helps them kind of
get unstuck.
But do you think that's what happens most of
the time or just some of the time, or
it is rare?
I, you know, I don't know, um. If I
had to guess, I would say it's rare. I
would say that it's rare, um. Uh, BECAUSE that
was not, I only heard about that a few
times. OK, but that just, but, you know, that
doesn't. That doesn't mean that's not true. I think
because once you start seeing an escort too, it's
so if you have the money, oh my gosh,
it's so easy. It's so easy. You're always there's
no uncertainty. You know, you, oh, you know that
you're going to be received. You're going to be
accepted.
Do you think that's why even very famous men
and men who could basically just, I, I mean,
pretty much go out on the street and have
sex with whoever they want, even, even them, even
them sometimes pay for sex.
Um, I think that
It, I mean, the sense that it's easy and
that it's guaranteed, I guess.
I think there, there's, I think that also because
when they are approached by women because of their
fame. That it's a performance that they have to
put on. They're the ones performing, right? Because, but
when you go to see an escort, she's the
one performing. So there's that also, I think the
anonymity. You know, there that too, like, people aren't
gonna be taking pictures of you, seeing you with
this, this random ass woman, you know, you're gonna
be someplace a little more private, most likely you're
going to have arranged this, and yeah, so I
think there's, there's that too. Mhm.
Uh, BUT, but I mean, do you think that
it's always worth it to try to, I don't
know, after that sort of situation of paying for
sex and, particularly if a guy has done so
for a somewhat longer period of time that it's
always worth it to try to. Uh, MAKE amends
and rebuild the relationship that they had with their
wife or with their girlfriend, or I mean, maybe
it's better to just try with another person. I,
I mean, I'm not saying necessarily try with the
escort, but with another, with another person.
I think that sometimes. So much water has gone
under the bridge, as they say, that sometimes you
need to move on, um, and Sometimes it, it
is worth it. I think it depends on what
you want. You know, what, what is it that
you want? Um, BECAUSE I coach men where a
lot of the men I coach are a little
bit older. Um, AND like I'd say, the 50s,
early 60s, and they've been in a low sex,
no sex dynamic for a long time, long time,
and they have grown kids, and it's usually a
couple of things that happens with them. They are.
They like to have a big birthday. Or their
youngest has become a senior in high school, right,
and got into college, so they know, oh, wow,
it's markers, like these big markers in life, and
they realize, wow, am I gonna live with this
woman in this situation for another 15 or 20
years and not have the sex life that I
wanna have, you know, am I gonna live the
rest of my life without ever having a blowjob?
Again, am I gonna do, am I gonna have
sex if I live another, you know, if I
say a man's 60 and what is the average
lifespan of a man and a like 76, and
they're having sex like once or twice a year,
am I gonna live. The rest of my life
having sex 16 times, maybe 32 if I'm lucky.
Am I really willing to live like that? Those
are the kind of men that, they come, then
they go, they see an escort, and they're like,
oh, you know what, it, it isn't the sex
that I miss. It's actually being received by someone,
being accepted, feeling connected, feeling like, wow, I can
be myself and someone actually cares about me and
what I want and what I need. That's when
they start, they, so, so when they go to
see the escort and they realize, oh wow, yeah,
it isn't just sex, right? And so then they
think, OK, well, seeing an escort, that's no longer
for me. I'm not gonna do that anymore because
I'm not, I'm, I'm in another situation where I'm
not getting what I want. So, then they, they
come to me because they're like, I don't really
want to get a divorce because I love this
woman and I thought we'd grow old together and
we have all these travel plans, but the sex
thing. It's killing me. I can't live like this.
And so they come to me because I, I
teach them about female sex drive, sexual polarity, and
how they can have conversations with their wives and
rekindle the sex life that they used to have
or build a brand new one. Really build it
because they have new bodies, they've got menopause and
lower testosterone, you know, all those kinds of things
that have happened. And so, there are some men
who are willing to do that and want to
do that, and some men who are just, I'm
done. But the majority of, of relationships that end,
that, that's, that's started, um, initiated by women. Mhm.
Right, it's not so much the men, even the
one, the ones who cheat in this case that,
uh, end the relationship.
Yeah, and these men who are, you know, they
see an escort, like, you know, a handful of
times and they're like, yeah, this isn't for me,
because these men are used to having a real
relationship. They're used to having a real companionship, having
a real partner. And if you're used to that.
Then seeing an escort is not gonna do it
for you.
Right. So, I, I mean, another interesting thing that
you talk about in some of your videos, and
uh, I'm really interested in this kind of thing.
I don't know if it's necessarily something that uh
you yourself experienced, but, uh, when and how do
men fall in love with escorts and, uh and
also when do escorts, escorts fall in love with
their clients?
Well, the escorts falling in love with clients is
rare. Um, JUST like, just like falling in love
with anybody, right? Again, it's a rare, it's a
rare thing. You don't, you don't fall in love
that often, just like you don't meet someone that
you want to be your best friend very often.
And so it is, it is rare, and it's
also intoxicating as an escort when you meet a
man and you're like, whoa. And it's not just
that he may not even be the hottest guy,
right? It's just there's something about him. That you're
just like, oh, wow. And you, you know, you
take a, take a chance when you're doing that
because then you're losing a client. So he's got
to be somebody, somebody pretty special to you and
someone that you're really connecting with on all levels.
But to meet a man that you actually want
to have sex with, that's not paying you is,
is a wonderful feeling and it's so intoxicating, and
it's rare. And, I mean, in my career of
like, I was on again, off again for about
12 years, that happened to me 3 times. You
know, in that, in that time, um, but other
women that I know, same thing, it happens a
handful of times and it always ends in disaster.
It does, because it, because understandably, and I think
very naturally, most men have a very difficult time
with the idea that the woman they care about
is having sex with other men for money. You
know, that's, that's a, that's a tough, that's a
tough pill for most men to, to swallow. And
I mean, I do coach men on that, like
that's been, like the majority of men that reached
out to me, that's, that's who I talked to.
And I created a course recently for them just
like a private podcast for them where I get
kind of, you know, more into it and talk
about how, yeah, I mean, you can, you can
have a wonderful fulfilling relationship with a woman who's
a sex worker absolutely because there's a freedom there
that most men aren't used to experiencing with women.
So we, we can talk about that a little
bit, um, later if you want, or I can
kind of keep going that keep talking about that
or we can go to the men. Uh, WHO
fall in love.
Yeah, yeah, I mean, yeah, just before that, let
me just ask you, I, I mean, is, is
there something about women being escorts that perhaps because
they are in that kind of situation, uh, they
fall in love for or they would fall in
love for a specific. Men who would have specific
things to offer them that perhaps other women, other
women wouldn't necessarily look for or pay attention to.
I mean, just because of them being in that
particular kind of situation, or do you think that
it's, I mean, what an escort would look for
in a man is the exact same that any
other woman would look for.
Well, I think, well, firstly, A woman who is
escorting is not looking for a boyfriend. She is
not looking for a relationship, right? So, that's not
even on your mind. And so when you meet
somebody, you're like, whoa, it, and it does kind
of, it kind of gets you. Um, JUST, just
sexual chemistry, right? That, because that's what you're working
off of there. And, um, it's easy to be
with a man that you're actually attracted to. It's
not work, it's not a performance. It's like, oh.
OK, this feels good. Oh, I forgot, I forgot
what this feels like, and it's amazing. And so
what a woman would look for, I think, I
think. I don't know that it's that it's any
different, but I know for me, while I was
escorting and then once I quit. The I was
much more accepting of all kinds of men. Than
I was before. I was always pretty accepting. I
think that's what made the work easier for me
at times. I didn't really have a type. You
know, and so that makes it like, I like,
I'm big on personality, you know, I am, I'm
big on personality, and, um, and someone I can
really talk to and, you know, it's like, oh,
this is fun, and, you know, and so that
was, you know, for me, and I think that's,
that's true of a lot of escorts too, but,
but, but it's, it's, yeah, I noticed that I
became a lot more, I was much more accepting
and men. That maybe had approached me before, like
if I'm out with my girlfriends and a man
approached me, I was much more open to the
type of man that would approach me than I
was before because I knew that those middle-aged men
that are balding with a little, with a little
paunch were, it was some of the best sex
I had ever had in my life. As an
escort. So you cannot judge a book by its
cover. Ladies, anybody listening, do not underestimate those men.
Especially if they had been in a long-term relationship,
right? Because they, they knew how to have sex,
you know, they knew, they knew a woman's body.
So that, that was just my, uh, you, you,
I think it's, it's more about how you, it's
always how you feel when you're with a man.
You know, that's how it is. Like, how do
you feel when you're with him?
And perhaps some of those more middle-aged guys are
also more emotionally mature,
right? Yes, I was gonna say definitely, um, but
yeah, uh, sure, sure,
and I, and I, and I said some, I
didn't say all of them.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, because I think that. You
know, and maybe this is just My bias, but,
but it's I think that generally speaking, men who
are seeing escorts are doing it because something is
missing. And it's something that they're not at that
moment willing to face. They're not willing to deal
with it. Yeah. And they're offloading it someplace else.
They're seeing escorts is an escape, just like gambling,
overdrinking, overdrugging, video games, overeating, all of that. It's
just another escape. And so it's, so you know,
oh, this man isn't, isn't dealing with some of
life's problems. You know, is that really the kind
of man that I want to be involved with?
Mm, yeah, no, that, that makes sense. Yeah, that
makes sense. Yeah. And so how about the men
or the clients? I mean, when do you think
that they fall in love with an escort and
why do you think they fall in love with
escorts when that happens, of course.
Oh, it's, well, Having someone. Open to you Having
someone where you feel like you can be yourself.
I mean, how amazing is that? Especially when you
are either you're in a marriage or you got
divorced, so you're feeling kind of low, kind of
wounded, you know, like you're not being met, no
one, no one gives a shit about you or
what you're feeling, and, and then you go someplace
where That is the whole point of your being
there is because it's all about you. Mhm. How
many people experience that in their lives, anywhere? And
you, that's what seeing an escort is all about,
is, again, the certainty. You can relax, you can
be yourself, and also having a woman open her
body to you when you've been being denied that.
Um, FOR whatever reason, right? But, but it's, you're
not turning on your wife, cause if you're turning
on your wife, she's gonna have sex with you,
OK? That's just women want to have sex and
marriage too. No woman wants to be in a
sexless marriage, but it's, but there's something besides getting
into all that, the sexual polarity part of it.
So he feels terrible, and then when you go
someplace where you feel really great. Oh my gosh,
of course you're gonna fall in love, because a
lot of men equate a woman having sex with
them with her really caring about them and loving
them. And as we know, that is not, that's
not true. And So men get confused. They get
confused with the openness.
But uh they get confused, but sometimes it can
be or become actual love, right?
Uh, YOU mean that a mutual thing or just
a man that thinks he's in love?
I, I mean, I, I guess I, I was
asking both,
so. Um, THE mutual thing is, as I, it's
very, very, very rare. It does happen, but it's
very rare, um, and it's Well, also, so this,
so when, when an escort falls in love, and
I know from personal experience, I dated someone who
was not a client of mine. He was somebody
that I, I met on the outside. He knew
what I did, and he was fine with it.
And It I, it's hard to work and go
to work and have sex with other men when
you're in love with someone. It's just it. Fucks
with your head. It does. It's just, it's difficult.
It's a difficult thing to do. And once you
experience that, and then you have a breakup with
somebody, for whatever reason, you break up, it makes
you very hesitant to do that again. And so
you just kind of put even more of a
guard up. But to, to want to give up
that work. Because I did, but I wasn't in
a financial situation where I could do that, you
know, I was a single mom, and I wasn't,
I wasn't able to do that. But what you're,
but say, say even if you aren't a single
mom. And you're a woman to stop escorting. It
isn't that she's giving up all this sex, it's
that she's giving up. Her independence, her freedom. This
is how she makes her living, and unless she
has another plan. Where she's going someplace else to
make money. She's not just, again, not just giving
up sex and all this attention and validation from
these other men, she's giving up her whole way
of life, her whole way of this is how
I take care of myself. And my loved ones
because for me when I was a sex worker,
that was the very first time in my life
I was ever able to take care of myself
or my kids and to give that up, that's
asking a lot. You know, of yourself, not that,
not that a man would ask you to give
it up, some do, but most are like, oh,
I don't feel like I have the right to
ask her to give it up because she was
doing this when I met her, so I'm not
going to ask her to give that up. Of
course, it would be cool if she would, but,
you know, so for women that we, we, you
know, you just want to be with that one
guy. You know, at least, at least for a
while anyway, but it's So that, that's, that's my,
my, my lecture on that is that it is,
it's, you're asking a woman to give up a
whole lot, a whole lot. And nowadays, it's not
every woman that gets into sex work of all
kinds that's somehow, that's somehow damaged. That I think
that used to be the case. But I think
now with all the proliferation and acceptance of so
many sexually, uh, provocative professions and social media and
whatnot, it isn't as stigmatized. Although it is, it's
not, not as much. I think that women are
more open to getting into it that are just
like, ah, you know what, I'll try that. Where
before it was like, you had to be desperate,
you had to need the money. You had to
be working something out, you know, now it's just
an opportunity and people take it.
So I mean, does that mean that you think
that nowadays perhaps there's a higher percentage of women
who have or who work as sex workers? I
mean, whatever kind of sex work they might be
doing that are not, I mean, I don't like
using this kind of word, but that do not
have some sort of issue in their life.
Yeah, I know what you mean. Like, you don't
want to call someone damaged or broken, and, and
I'll just transparent for me, I was not sexually
abused. That's not part of my history. My, my
mom was mentally ill, so I didn't know what
it was like to have a stable. Home. I
grew up in a very chaotic environment, and so
it made it difficult for me to understand emotional
attachments to people. And I think that was one
of the reasons it made it easy for me
to be a sex worker. It's like, I wasn't,
I didn't need, I didn't need emotional support from
people, you know, I didn't need that. I wasn't
looking for that. Where some women who are sex
workers kind of do, you know, they kind of
get caught up and, and those are the women
that I found tend to do a lot of
drinking. Taking Xanax, smoke a lot of weed, drinking
a lot, like, because they're, they're not being, uh,
met in a way they want to be met.
Their needs aren't being met and I didn't, I
didn't have those needs. I had to learn about
that kind of stuff. I know it sounds so
wild, but it's, it's, yeah, it was, it was
something. Um, MY mom had borderline personality disorder. And
my dad was an alcoholic. So, yeah, so it's
like, I, yeah, it's, it's just, it, it, yeah,
I learned a lot of weird behaviors, but I
didn't actually have narcissism or didn't actually have BPD,
but I learned how to operate in the world
that way and I had to go, oh, wait,
this doesn't, wait a minute. And so I got
help. And so it helped me to kind of,
to break those patterns and to be a more,
I don't know, I'll say normal person, but I
don't want to say normal because that's not true,
because most people we call normal are not people
I would wanna, I wouldn't want to live their
lives. But yeah, like a more, a more open
person and a person that's able to receive and
give love. But if I, like right now, I
couldn't even imagine being a sex worker. I couldn't
imagine because I have a loving husband and I've
never had that. You know, we met when we
were both 49. So, I mean, that's like a
long time to just kind of be like, hey,
you know, so, but, but I, I think that
nowadays, no, I don't think the women and the
men that get into this have had some kind
of like fucked up childhood. I think it's just
because the opportunity is there, because before, like when
I started again, it, it was out of the
phone book. The internet wasn't a thing like it
is now. It was a phone book. So you
actually had to work hard to get. To be
an an escort, to go work for an escort
agency. Yeah. Or now you can just start your
own thing. Yeah, it's
a
completely
different times, right?
Yeah, yeah, and I think some of that is
good, and some of it's not so good because,
you know, what do you know when you're 18?
You don't know anything. You know, and, and it's
also, it's not like, OK, they're privately being sex
workers, you know, or like they're working in a
titty bar. It's like, no, they're on the Internet,
and that, from what I understand is forever. That's
the part that bothers me about the young people.
I'm like, oh bless your hearts. I, I hope
that you are strong enough to, when the time
comes you want to quit and that you want
to go out in the world and have whatever
kind of life you have, that you're strong enough
to go, yeah, I used to do that. And
Yeah, so, and I mean, let, let me ask
you now, changing topics a little bit, do you
think that uh working as an escort that you
got or that you developed any specific I or
any special insight into How men feel valued by
their partners. I mean, what, what do you know
about that? What makes men feel valued by the
person they are with?
Yeah, a lot of it. Is about, it's a
word I've used a lot, I think, uh, is
accepted. FOR who they are and not judged and
criticized and um. You know, men do that to
women too. It's not, but since we're talking about
this in this context, I'm, you know, I'm, I'm
talking about it like this. That is what I
learned because I. THOUGHT that it was all about
sex, and as long as a man is getting
sex. That he's gonna be pretty happy in his
marriage. And while that's true in some cases, it
depends on the kind of sex. Like, are you
just kind of rolling over and say, OK, honey,
go ahead, because that, that duty sex, that obligatory
sex, men say that they feel worse after having
that kind of sex than they did before. Um,
IT is someone actually wanting you. Appreciating you. It's
not complicated, right? It's just not, but it doesn't
mean that it's always easy to do, especially, you
know, as a woman, as a wife, it's easy
to get super annoyed with men. Because
OK, why, why, why,
why? Because The first thing that comes to mind
is the timetable. Y'all, you men, men seem to
be on a different timetable than women are. And,
and it, what,
what do you mean by
that? What I mean by that is, is this
is such a common thing. It's so, it's so
funny to me, and I laugh whenever I see
it on the internet, little memes and stuff about
men and women. And about you, you know, met
a woman, you'll say, hey, would you please, you
know, do da da da da da, or, oh
yeah, I'm really excited about your cleaning out the
garage, or I'm really excited about your building those
shelves and whatnot. And then a day goes by,
a week goes by, a month goes by, a
whole summer goes by, and that stuff still isn't
done. And the man's like, yeah, but I said
I would do it. I was like, yeah, that
was 3 months ago. I was like, wait, what?
IS it? You know, or also when men, you
know, if, if the man is doing the initiating
and calling a woman for the date, and then
doesn't takes to, you know, gets her number and
then takes a week to call her. Women's feelings
get hurt by that because we're like, but I
thought you liked me. He's like, Yeah, I, you're
great. I can't wait to go out with you.
Well, why didn't you call me right away? Well,
because I was busy, you know, it's not, and
it's, it's a genuine thing, right?
OK, so let, let me just interrupt you there
because this is very interesting because I, I, I
heard. I heard from some men, and I don't
agree with this, but I heard from some men
who say that, oh, if you get a girl's
number, you should wait 4 or 5 days before
inviting her on a date, because otherwise you will
seem very desperate.
Um, I 4 or 5 days seems too long,
2 or 3. Now, I know, I know, because
there are some male coaches, dating coaches that I
love, and I love watching them, and I'm like,
mhm, yeah, this is all from the men's perspective,
but it depends on the woman, and Being, appearing
desperate and appearing eager aren't the same thing, and
a woman wants to know that you're interested, but
also, why are you taking so long? But it,
but it is part of it is because of
the, of just the way that, because that was
like with me and my husband. He got my
number, uh, texted me and said, hey, is this,
hey, this is Bobby, just, you know, saying hi,
it was great to meet you. I'll, you know,
I'll be calling you in a few days to
ask you out. It took him like 5 or
6 days, but he was genuinely busy. But, so
I get what, why, I get why men say
that, but it does, sometimes it hurts women's feelings,
though. But, but the timetable thing, because the, the
thing too, so like about household chores and things
around the house, I'll say this because this is,
I, I love thinking about this. I haven't quite
got it all figured out, but I love thinking
about this. When men, when women get annoyed with
a man, it's because whatever he's doing is turning
her off. When You don't follow through on what
you say you're gonna do with a woman. She
takes it as he doesn't care about me. He
doesn't listen to me. I'm not important to him
because we're, because that's how it feels in our
bodies to us.
OK, but is that mostly about being emotionally available,
or, or does it also apply to other areas?
I think it's about being emotionally available. I think
it's about being present. Like if the man is
really present in real time in the relationship, he's
more apt to handle that kind of stuff than
if he's not. And, and granted, some men are
very, very busy. You know, and they have a
lot of shit going on. And so that's when,
when I coach women, I guide them. Be careful
what you ask for. Be judicious, not because you're
trying to make it super easy on him, which
there's nothing wrong with that, but because you're trying
to make it easy on you, so that you
don't have to be annoyed. You know, and then
as you mature in a relationship, you learn, you
learn their patterns and their things, and you know,
well, I'm not going to ask him to do
that because I know he's going out of town
next week. I'll just wait till he's gone and
I'll do it myself because sometimes a man will
say, oh, I'll do that and then they don't,
and you don't want to start doing it because
he's like, hey, I said I would do that.
You know, and then you say, yeah, well, you
didn't, you know, and then cause a little fight,
you just wait.
OK, so let, let me ask you this. I
mean, so do you think then that for, for
example, if a guy He's good with remembering the
things that you like. I mean, he's good with
particular kinds of special dates that he's good with,
for example, giving you presents when you're not expecting
to get one, that he always remembers the kind
of. Activities you like to do and arranges ways
for you to do them together and all of
that. I mean, those, you would agree are all
good traits for a man to have,
right? Sure, and it, it depends on the woman
too, because some women, that's not important to them.
They just, they want, it's about being present. Right,
like actually being in your body in the relationship
and not in your head off somewhere, because what
I found is most men who see escorts are
what I would call nice guys. Right, they're nice
guys. I mean they're in their heads. They're in
their head. They, they're overthinkers. They're analyzers, and these
are the men that tend to get friend-zoned when
they're asking women out. Um, THESE are the men
that get friend-zoned in their own marriage because they're
in their heads and they're not in their bodies.
In real time, which is kind of, I know
it can be like a, a very conceptual, but
That's, that's what I, I teach men is about
being present, being in your body, not off in
your head somewhere else, because women feel that, and
it sucks. It's super sucks when you have a,
a, a partner that does that because you feel
abandoned.
Yeah, but I mean there's a reason why I
asked you my previous question and asked you whether
you, you agreed that all of those traits are
good traits for a man to have, but I
mean then, I mean,
if he's doing it, if he's doing it because
It's if if he does it with skill. If
he does it sincerely. If he does it because
it comes from his heart, not because he's afraid
he's gonna get in trouble. Yeah. It's the intention
behind it. Like that's, that's, that's the bottom line.
It's the intention behind it. And a man has
to be present. To do those things with intention.
Yeah. Uh, SO, uh, what would you say is
the importance of communication in relationships and what do
you think is good communication?
Communication is Vital Meaning you have to share. What's
on your heart and your mind with each other.
Because why wouldn't you? You know, you're, you've hitched
your wagon to this person, you know, there you're
building a life with this person, right? If we're
talking about, you know, being, being married to someone,
being partnered with somebody. And, but the, the thing,
the thing for women to remember, I, I, and
I know this might not be popular, but I
don't care because it's true, is That men don't
communicate like women do. And men are not women.
And we have been given the message. I don't
know how old you are. You look very young.
I don't know how old you are.
I'm 35. Are you?
OK. You're very young. OK. You look, you look,
you, you look, you look young. Um, WELL, I'm
61, and so the way that, you know, that
I was raised, we're just kind of getting into
that, that, oh, men and women are the same.
Men and women are the same. Men and women
might be equal, but we are not the same.
We are very different in the way that we
communicate with one another, and men, some men are
very good at expressing emotions and they're like, oh,
yes, this is how I feel about this, but
most of the time they're not. And if they're
not, some women will take it as, oh, he's
emotionally shut down, he doesn't want to talk to
me, he doesn't care about me, he doesn't love
me. If he did, he would share his feelings,
all of his feelings with me about everything. And
it's like, no, because that's not how men, that's
not how men do things. Men are not your
girlfriends. Men are not women. ARE men. OK,
so let me ask you this then, because this
is something that many men are afraid of. Do
you think that men can be too emotional? I
mean, do you think that from a certain point
onward, then perhaps it's a degree of emotion that
women no longer appreciate?
Yeah, well, because men don't want to be seen
as being weak, right? Yes, there is definitely an
Overshare component and let me, I'll, but I'll, I'll
tell you when. When it can happen. When a
woman has a very high level of attraction for
a man. He can be weak in front of
her. And she will forgive him. You can be
weak with a woman, like you're married to somebody
and you lose your job and you're like, oh,
you're floundering around. You can be like that for
several months before she'll start to feel turned off
by you. If she has a high level of
attraction for you. If she doesn't have a high
level of attraction for you. You can't, you cannot
fault her, or she will be turned off. And
that's what I hear men like in the red
pill, oh, you can't be weak around a woman.
You can totally be your freaking self with a
woman if she's into you, and why would you
be with a woman who isn't into you anyway?
What are you doing? You know? So, but the
thing is, to answer the question, there's a big
difference between going to a woman and saying, Honey,
if I have seemed distant or if I seem
down, I want you to know it's not you.
I'm having this situation that came up at work
and I've been having a hard time with it,
but I'm working on it, and I just wanna
let you know that. That's a huge difference than
saying, oh my God, shit, it's a fan. Things
are falling apart. I don't know what to do,
da, da, da, because maybe you feel that way
inside, but that's not that, I'll just say it,
that's for your journal. That's for one of your
buddies that can strategize with you. That is not
for your woman. I know that's not a popular
thing to say, but it's like, that's, but if
my husband came to me and was like, oh
my God, I'm freaking out, I would say, OK,
but I'm a coach too. I'm a strategist. So,
so I would be, I don't coach him though,
unless he specifically asks, that's a slippery slope. It's
a slippery slope, you know, but it's also women
trying to use men as their therapists, and then
I've, I coach husbands, they're like, yeah, but if
I, if I don't listen to her, then she
gets mad at me. It's like, well, then she's
just gonna have to be mad. Because she'll be
mad and turned on, or do you want her
to be happy, comfortable, and your roommate? Cause she'll
get over, you have to have boundaries, right? That's
That's, that's the part of it too, having boundaries
with yourself and then having boundaries with her. So
yeah,
Yeah, uh, but I mean, I was just wondering.
Uh, I mean, maybe, OK, so this is a
complicated, this is a, this is a complicated question,
but I, I mean, when it comes to being
vulnerable to a partner. I mean, isn't Emotional support
part of the deal, but I mean, OK, perhaps
there's levels to emotional support and perhaps there's limits
to that, so, I mean, what, what kind of
level. And this is, this is a really complicated
question, but what kind of level of emotional support
do you think is reasonable for a partner to
give?
If your partner, male or female, comes to you
and says, I'm having an issue with this and
I wanna talk to you about it, you know,
it has nothing to do with you or me,
but it's a thing I'm dealing with, um. Yeah,
yeah, because again, I said, if you can't communicate
with this person, then what's the point? There's a
difference between sharing. And emotionally vomiting on someone, you
know, and so, do you know what I mean
by by that? Like, it's like, it's one thing
for me to, to, to come to you and
say, oh my gosh, Ricardo, I'm just like, oh,
blah bla bla bla blah blah blah blah, and
then not want to hear any of your feedback.
Right, because there's a difference between being someone's dumping
and someone's venting, it happens. You need to vent
sometimes. But again, It depends on how attracted you
are to one another, because it's very easy to
lose sexual polarity if You've got all this other
weird stuff going on in your relationship and your
sex life isn't good.
Yeah, yeah, I mean, let's, for example, take an
example of a situation where I guess that most
people would be very understanding of someone feeling really
down in the dumps. So let's say that for
example, Uh, you're a man, you're in a relationship,
and your father dies, and you're, and you're terribly
sad. I mean, I guess that in that particular
kind of context, if for the next week you
really want more, I, I mean, you sometimes you
cry and sometimes you're a little bit angry and
Sometimes you need a little bit more of space
for yourself, that's not a problem, or is it?
Right, no, no, I mean, because I think that
It shows someone's character. Right, if you're with a
woman who wouldn't accept that you were crying or
upset because your father died. Um, NO, that's, that's,
that would show. Her character,
which wouldn't be good
even if you were upset for a couple of
months, right? I mean, gosh, but I think at
a certain point, right, you might need to get,
if you, if you are having such a hard
time that it's affecting all kinds of things in
your life after several months. That's not, that wouldn't
be what I would call normal or healthy. You
might be stuck.
Yeah. Yeah, because there's the mourning process, right? I
mean, it takes, it takes a while. It, it's,
you're not, you're not just mourning for a day
and then everything's fine, right? I mean, it takes
a little bit of time.
And sometimes it'll sneak up on you. My, my
husband's mother passed away. It'll be 2 years in
November, and sometimes it just sneaks up on him.
That's how grief, grief goes. My father passed away,
uh, coming up on 5 years ago, and sometimes
it still sneaks up on me. You know, it's
a thing, it's a process that you have to
go through and, and mature, caring, loving partners will
accept that. In my opinion, right, in my opinion,
some men, some men don't want to be vulnerable,
like, I mean, but again, there's a difference between
being vulnerable with somebody and being a bitch, being
weak, you know, I mean. I got that from
my coaching clients. They say, oh man, I just
feel like a little bitch, and I'm like, you're
not being a little bitch, you're being human. You
get to have feelings. It's how you express those
at, at times that, that matter the most. Then
sometimes you have to process a little bit by
yourself before you just go blah on somebody. And
sometimes you don't have that opportunity. You know, sometimes
you get a phone call in front of your
wife, you know, I mean, it's get you're, you,
but, you know, but it's, it's, you know, giving,
giving your man grace.
Yeah, no, I, you know, because I, I think
it's also, I think it's also normal, I mean
normal in the sense for many men to feel
afraid of expressing their feelings or emotions in front
of their partners because I, I mean, It's particularly
in some contexts, it's basically the entire society telling
you that you shouldn't do that, and if you
do, then you will be in trouble, you know.
Well, right, I mean that comes from childhood. No.
Right, in, in the United States, I mean, I,
I've lived in the South my whole life, uh,
you know, I live in Texas in a small
town, um. And it's very traditional here. It's great.
Um, I don't see a lot of this, but
I know when I was growing up and just
kind of the, like the general message is big
boys don't cry. You know, you better take care
of your mama and your sisters. You know, you're
the man of the house now. Like, from the
time, that's what, that's the message my husband got
when he was like 12. And so it, it
messed with his head. He felt very responsible, and
because of that, he thought, oh, there's no time
for me and my emotions, there's no place here,
that's not appropriate. So that, that's an extreme, right?
And then, you know, the other extreme is like
expecting a man to act like a woman. The
other extreme is acting, expecting a man to be
a robot. Yeah, you know, it's not weak to
be vulnerable or to have emotions, it's what you
do with it. Mhm,
mhm. Also, also, because I mean there's contexts. I,
I don't know about nowadays. I mean, sometimes you
see it, for example, in sports, but I mean,
particularly in more historical contexts, uh, particularly when, for
example, during war and other situations like that, I
mean, there are situations where men used to To
cry a lot even in front of each other.
I mean it was just considered normal. I mean
if it was a situation where they were just
emotionally overwhelmed or even or even situations where it
was societally expected for men to express their emotions
in a in a very intense way, I mean
they would do that and they wouldn't feel ashamed
of it, so.
Yeah, and, and they shouldn't, but I know me,
I don't like crying in front of anybody, and
I do feel a sense, I do feel, not,
not, not as much as I used to, but
I felt ashamed, like, oh, something's wrong. I shouldn't
be doing this, you know, kind of thing because,
you know, that's the way many of us in
the states were, were raised. That's private. Go do
that in your room, kind of thing, you know.
But, so, um, my husband and I are big
basketball fans, and we live close to San Antonio,
Texas, and the Spurs, I don't know if you
follow that, the Spurs are in the finals. And
when they won the playoffs, Victor Wamanyana. He cried.
Yeah, he's on it, and this, and the, it
was all over the news. How everybody thought it
was so amazing. That he was so emotional because
it was a big achievement.
Yeah.
So sports, Michael Jordan cried when he won the
championship. THIS sport, I think maybe with sports figures,
it's OK, it's OK for those guys to cry.
They've already proven their masculinity, right? You know.
Uh, I mean, I mean, look, I, I, I,
I don't know, I don't know about, uh, the,
I don't know about basketball specifically, but I, because
I live in Europe, I'm a big soccer fan,
and I mean, you, you can be sure that
many times when our team wins, even the male
fans cry.
Oh yeah. Oh, my husband teared up during the
basketball. I was like, yeah, yeah, it's exciting. OK,
so, look, look, we're, we're almost running out of
time. So let me ask you one more question
and perhaps another one if we still have time,
but, uh, I mean, I'm just curious because since
you worked as an escort and you have, uh,
I mean, access to. Uh, EVERY, every different kind
of intimacy there's to be experienced by a by
a, a human, I guess. So, uh, what do
you think is the deepest form of intimacy because
sometimes people say, I mean, I guess particularly if
they are men that sexual intimacy is the deepest
form of intimacy, but is it really? I mean,
because I, many times it seems to me that
Being able to express yourself honestly and communicate honestly
and feeling free to express your emotions with somebody
is actually a deeper form of intimacy than sex.
What do you think about that?
I think that Men who are A little older,
I'll say like more mature, and I'm not talking
about emotionally, I mean just physically more mature and
have more experience. Those men would agree with that.
From my experience, they would definitely agree with that,
because you can have sex with a lot of
people. And it doesn't mean a damn thing, but
you're not gonna just share your heart or what's,
or what's on your heart with just anyone. Excuse
me, you have to feel safe, and that's the
thing, like men have to feel safe before they
open their hearts, and women have to feel safe
before they open their bodies. Right, or it used
to be that way anyway for women, but I
think, you know, things have changed, you know, in
our, in our culture, but it's, but it's still
a thing like to have the most fulfilling sexual
experience with someone, you have to feel safe, emotionally
safe, you know, as a woman, and yeah, and
men don't just don't go around opening their hearts
to anybody. You know, and so when they feel
safe with a woman, I think that's That's the
most intimate thing, and I'm not just saying that
cause I'm guessing, right? They're, they tell me. You
know, and it does come with maturity and experience
that men Feel that way. I'm thinking of the,
one of the youngest clients I have right now
is in his early 40s, and he's figuring that
out right now.
Oh, so one of the youngest you have is
in his early 40s, so you don't have anyone
younger than that
right now, no. Sometimes I coach men in their
20s. I have, but those are men more looking
for dating advice, and that's not, I mean, I
can do that. But that's not my, where I
really I like to coach. I certainly can on
attraction and all that, like young, young men like
that, because their goals are different. And sure, I
can help you pick up a bunch of chicks,
but that's not really that much fun for me.
It's just, I, I, I like, I like working
with men on understanding female sex drive. And some
and, and that's what those younger men need too,
but they, they're, they're more about the sex, and
the older men are more about the connection.
Yeah, but do, do even the younger ones, do
you try to tell them in any, in any
way that perhaps there's things that are more important
in the long term than just getting chicks or,
um, no, I don't, because they, they've watched my
channel, they know, that's how they find me, they
know, and I mean, I kind of tease them
a little bit about it. I'm trying to think
of the last thing. Yeah, I was, I was
coaching a man, who was 25, and I, I
did a series of, of coaching sessions with him
about getting, you know, about that. And, and, and,
yeah, ultimately, you know, it does come down to,
you know, what, what's your goal? Why is that
your goal? Why do you want that? And it's,
it's validation. It's trying to prove something. And so
an old older men tend to have done so,
I've already done that. You know, I've already been
married, I've already had the kids, I've already done
that. I'm now I'm, you know, wanting a true
companion.
Yeah, yeah, no, that, that's really interesting. So look,
just before we go apart from your channel, where
can people find you on the internet?
Oh, at my website www.sexloveansoul.com. I have a website
there with different things that I have to offer.
um, I should have a blog up my blog
up pretty soon. I have articles that I write.
I have a newsletter also that you can subscribe
to that goes out every week and I have
things on there that I don't really, I don't
always talk about on my channel, um, but yeah,
that's, and I'm on Instagram.
OK, great. I will leave links to all of
that in the description as well. And Mary, thank
you so much for taking the time to come
on the show. It's been great and really fun
to talk with you.
Oh, same, Ricardo. Thank you so much. It's, it's
my honor to be here. Thank you.
Hi guys, thank you for watching this interview until
the end. If you liked it, please share it,
leave a like and hit the subscription button. The
show is brought to you by Enlights Learning and
Development done differently. Check their website at enlights.com and
also please consider supporting the show on Patreon or
PayPal. I would also like to give a huge
thank you to my main patrons and PayPal supporters,
Perergo Larsson, Jerry Muller, Frederick Sundo, Bernard Seyaz Olaf,
Alex, Adam Cassel, Matthew Whittingbird, Arnaud Wolff, Tim Hollis,
Eric Elena, John Connors, Philip Forrest Connolly. Then Dmitri
Robert Windegerru Inasi Zu Mark Nevs, Colin Holbrookfield, Governor,
Michel Stormir, Samuel Andrea, Francis Forti Agnun, Svergoo, and
Hal Herz Agnon, Michel Jonathan Labrarith, John Yardston, and
Samuel Curric Hines, Mark Smith, John Ware, Tom Hammel,
Sardusran, David Sloan Wilson, Yasilla Dezaraujo Romain Roach, Diego
Londono Correa. Yannik Punteran Ruzmani, Charlotte Blis Nicole Barbaro,
Adam Hunt, Pavlostazevski, Alekbaka, Madison, Gary G. Alman, Semov,
Zal Adrian Yei Poltonin, John Barboza, Julian Price, Edward
Hall, Edin Bronner, Douglas Fry, Franco Bartolotti, Gabriel Pan
Scortez or Suliliski, Scott Zachary Fish, Tim Duffy, Sony
Smith, and Wisman. Daniel Friedman, William Buckner, Paul Georg
Jarno, Luke Lovai, Georgios Theophanous, Chris Williamson, Peter Wolozin,
David Williams, Di Acosta, Anton Ericsson, Charles Murray, Alex
Shaw, Marie Martinez, Coralli Chevalier, Bangalore atheists, Larry D.
Lee Junior. Old Eringbon. Esterri, Michael Bailey, then Spurber,
Robert Grassy, Zigoren, Jeff McMahon, Jake Zul, Barnabas Raddix,
Mark Kempel, Thomas Dovner, Luke Neeson, Chris Story, Kimberly
Johnson, Benjamin Galbert, Jessica Nowicki, Linda Brendan, Nicholas Carlson,
Ismael Bensleyman. George Ekoriati, Valentine Steinmann, Per Crawley, Kate
Van Goler, Alexander Obert, Liam Dunaway, BR, Massoud Ali
Mohammadi, Perpendicular, Jannes Hetner, Ursula Guinov, Gregory Hastings, David
Pinsov, Sean Nelson, Mike Levin, and Jos Necht. A
special thanks to my producers Iar Webb, Jim Frank,
Lucas Stink, Tom Vanneden, Bernardine Curtis Dixon, Benedict Mueller,
Thomas Trumbull, Catherine and Patrick Tobin, John Carlo Montenegro,
Al Nick Cortiz, and Nick Golden, and to my
executive producers, Matthew Lavender, Sergio Quadrian, Bogdan Kanis, and
Rosie. Thank you for all.